Hi, my name is Steve Kinney, and I am the
head of front end engineering at Temporal.
We're going to talk about Redux.
But we did a little chat a while
back on Redux fundamentals,
where we talked about the bare
bones of Redux, right?
And that we started out with,
could you write your own Redux?
And I think the elegance of Redux, both
the elegance and I think the tricky part
of using it in production that a lot of
people have found out over the years is,
hey, it's just a function that takes
the current state of the world and
action gives you a new one.
Great, awesome, right?
It's got some nice little things
like it supports middleware and
it's got this idea of, the developer
tools that are available to you and
stuff along those lines,
and that's all great.
However, setting up that middleware with
developer tool involves something that
you have to Google every single time.
Then you go to,
I would love to have TypeScript support.
And you're like, well,
either it's very tedious and
manual like a lot of things are in Redux
or you have to write some arcane types.
And then it's kind of that like,
there's a lot of power to
the idea that you can have.
Its simplicity makes it so
the fact that it's 100% unit testable, for
even your promises happen outside
of the actual Redux flow.
So as long as you dispatch an action
that says request, whatever,
fulfilled, you can say,
this is how my state would update.
And it's really powerful, but there became
so much ceremony and so much tedium.
And what actually is the best
practice around setting up Redux that
after one blows through, kind of
the introduction, you are left with
a whole new set of questions with
sometimes unclear answers, right?
So our goal today is to do a series of
meditations on what are the answers
to those questions that you commonly
run into when you're like, and
now I'm gonna use this in production,
right?
And we'll kind of look
at some of those things.
Now, people turns out have used
Redux in production before.
So there are answers and like most things,
particularly with a tool
that is both simplicity and
flexibility are usually bound
together in this idea of simplicity,
flexibility, and
you have to make a bunch of choices,
are usually kind of part and
parcel with each other.
So but over the last however many years,
there have been a set of
best practices that have kind
of formulated and emerged.
Some of those we will talk about just
in the way, like restructure state and
stuff that,
as we go through our own implementation.
Some of those we will kind
of learn by both using and
then pulling apart our Redux Toolkit.
Which is basically the Redux community
over the last several years compiling and
putting together a lot of the commonly
used tools that get used across.
There was create flux standard actions,
cool,
could we bring those in as
built-in action creators.
You probably in development almost always
wanna wire up the Redux dev tools,
and like I joked earlier, the way that
you hook into those in the browser
is unmemorizable and needs to be
Googled for every single project.
The setting up the constants
to hold actions and
then these various things that we
had to do that were not helping us
build our feature,
they're now kind of somewhat formalized.
In a lot of ways, we have some tooling
around it to make our lives easier.
And so I think this workshop is really for
two sets of people, right?
I work in an app,
I'm all into redux but however,
whether it's not spiritual,
I'm either forced or happy about it.
But I am using Redux or
I've heard about this Redux thing before.
I tried it out, the amount of things
that I had to do was just too tedious.
I would like to see what the current
modern Redux stack is like.
I think both of those are the target
thing that we are looking at here.
Now, we will start a little bit with Redux
toolkit to just see what that means and
what it looks like,
and how the TypeScript support looks
in its fullest and most glorious form.
But then the nice part about
everything in Redux toolkit,
in so far that it is just
a amalgamation of tooling and
best practices, is you can take any
given smaller piece of that and
begin to use parts of it in your
existing application, if you have one.
Yes, Mark.
>> If you have some Redux experience,
do you still recommend going
through the Redux fundamentals?
>> If you've used it before,
I would say that even if you are like,
I have used it a little bit before,
I mostly grok the basic idea.
It is not a completely
foreign concept to me.
You're good to go.
If you've used Reducer in React,
you're probably good to go.
Cuz the nice part, not only,
I think it's actually and
accidentally really good
point that I made, if I may.
For some of this stuff, not only could
you use some of the pieces of Redux
toolkit in a legacy Redux application.
It's not really a legacy,
it's still Redux.
You can actually,
if you used Reducer in a React app,
still use a bunch of these tools.
They still work just as well, like some of
the component pieces that make up a slice.
And so if you've got the general kind
of understanding of a Reducer and
the idea that we dispatch actions,
and that is not a completely
foreign concept to you, then I think
you are well suited to join us for
the next little bit on this exploration.
All right, so
we have three major applications
that we are working with today.
We've got this app called Super Tasker.
And that is, it's a to-do list,
but it has statuses and
superhero names, so
it's not like a to-do list.
The interesting part about this
application is that it's not
just check a box.
This is the idea of having
two related models,
this idea that a user has many tasks and
that a task belongs to a user, right?
And so, how do you have an action
that maybe works through to reducers?
One of the things, and
we'll talk about this in the workshop,
one of the things that I have seen
a lot of teams, including my own teams,
over the years do is, I have to fire six
different actions because I got to change
the user and I got to change the task, and
I gotta change these three other things.
And you don't, right?
So we have a way that we can kinda
see what that looks like and
some of the concepts in Redux like that.
Along the way we will then also kind of
just look at a stupid counter to see what
it looks like,
to just try in a very simple app to see
what it looks like to migrate stuff from.
Maybe either use reducer or regular
vanilla Redux to something in Redux
toolkit and Typescript and
stuff along those lines.
And then lastly, we will do a little bit
of explorations with RTK query, which is
a set of features that come with React
toolkit, but you could do it separately.
You actually don't even need
to use Redux to use it.
A set of tools that deal with the fact
that these days it's not only just
managing a bunch of state
in our applications, but
usually there's a lot of talking back and
forth with the server.
So if you don't have these cloned,
the first one is called Super Tasker
cuz it's got superheroes.
You should clone it and
then begin to install it.
Give it a nice fresh pull down from main.
We've got a little counter.
We want the one with RTK at the end cuz
it's really right now it's got nothing
set up in it.
It's just a tabula rasa, but that way
we know it's set up with TypeScript.
It's got all the right
NPM stuff installed.
And then we have the one that we will use
with Arti Query at the end of the day.
Which is to kind of just say another
packing list application that we can use,
that has a mock API built, so we can see
all of the fun stuff stuff of mutations
and queries and stuff along those lines.
So like I said before, we are gonna start
the day in this task tracking app with
a few little just like, hey, let's get our
head wrapped around some of the stuff,
RTK with the counter and stuff like that.
But half this stuff you can probably
just do in a code sandbox with anything.
We'll start on the Super Tasker app.
For most of, I would say the first
70% of our time together, and
then do a few things in the packing list,
jetsetter app towards the very end.
So if you don't have those now, just
make sure that you clone them down and
NPM install because who doesn't
love a good NPM install?
Awesome.